Remove proxy warning (#116)
ash-sxn/GSoC-2023-docker-based-quickstart: README.md

### Clean Up Instructions
* To stop and remove the running containers `jenkins_teardown.sh` script is used  
* use `./jenkins_teardown.sh` command to stop and remove the running example 
 

> ### Suppressing Jenkins Warning using JCASC
> 
> We suppressed a reverse proxy setup warning in Jenkins using Jenkins Configuration as Code (JCASC) in this setup because It was causing issue for the gitpod experience
> 
> 
> We've added the following property in JCASC YAML file:
> ```yaml
> jenkins:
>   disabledAdministrativeMonitors:
>     - "hudson.diagnosis.ReverseProxySetupMonitor"
> ```
> for more information about this please look [here](https://github.com/ash-sxn/GSoC-2023-docker-based-quickstart/issues/114)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Suppressing Jenkins Warning using JCASC

In order to improve the Gitpod experience with Jenkins, we decided to suppress a reverse proxy setup warning in Jenkins.
This warning was causing issues in the Gitpod environment.

To achieve this, we made use of Jenkins Configuration as Code ([JCASC](https://www.jenkins.io/projects/jcasc/)) and added the following property to the JCASC YAML file:

We've added the following property in JCASC YAML file:

```yaml
jenkins:
  disabledAdministrativeMonitors:
    - "hudson.diagnosis.ReverseProxySetupMonitor"
```

For more detailed information about this configuration and the context behind it, please refer to the [corresponding issue](https://github.com/ash-sxn/GSoC-2023-docker-based-quickstart/issues/114).

```
